# Class2020
## Fernando A. Barrios
## Regression in biostatistics, neurobiology graduate course, INB
This is the repository for the examples and Rmarkdown, homework and other files for regression class 2020 (semester 2021-01), almost all the examples that I will deposit here are examples at Rcode in my GitHub account and some Rmarkdown versions of them. As mention in the class the general course is based ("loosely based") on the material of the text book: Frank E. Harrell, Jr., "Regression Modeling Strategies, With Applications to Linear Models, Logistic and Ordinal Regression, and Survival Analysis", Second Edition, ISBN 978-3-319-33039-6, Springer 2015. https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-319-19425-7. From a net connection inside the UNAM, you can download the book's pdf or e-Book for free. For the coursework is mandatory that you use R and highly recommended that you use RStudio, for turning in your homework and projects it is recommended to use Rmarkdown.
And also the other book of Vittinghoff, Glidden, Shiboski, and McCulloch, “Regression methods in biostatistics: linear, logistic, survival, and repeated measures models”, ISBN 0-387-20275-7, Springer 2005. https://www.springer.com/us/book/9781461413523 (From a network connection inside the UNAM, you can download the book’s pdf for free).  The CAR "An R Companion to Applied Regression" Book from Fox & Weisberg, ISBN: 978-1-5443-3647-3, is very much used as examples. Acually I really like the book and the software, the R package in the Comprehensive R Archive Nerwork (CRAN) called car (and carData), we use the subroutines all over in my code.
The Rmarkdown examples are formatted for you to copy the R code to the console (or run in the Rmarkdown) and run the examples, you can play with the code and experiment with different parameters and ideas, and then to generate your own R code. I will try to keep the repository formatted, nevertheless I cannot be sure if I will. September-December 2020.
